Update README with parameterized query instructions (#2)
launchdarkly-labs/athenadriver: README.md

2
```

### Parameterized Queries

> Athena supports parameterized queries (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/athena/latest/ug/querying-with-prepared-statements.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Athena supports parameterized queries: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/athena/latest/ug/querying-with-prepared-statements.html.
```

Parameterized queries allow for re-running the same query with different parameter values at runtime, and help guard 
against SQL injection attacks. This is especially useful if some of your parameter values are derived from user input.

> To use parameterized queries, use `?` as placeholders in the query you're passing to `DB.Query()` or `DB.Exec()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use parameterized queries, use `?` as placeholders in the query you pass to `DB.Query()` or `DB.Exec()`.
```
